GAME FLOW:

A standard MOBA at first, maybe even using Dota's map (systems should be designed in a way that can be transferred to other maps, I.E not hardcoding the location of ancient camps or whatever). Obviously something like this has to have a few twists, which deserve their own sections. The game should be 3v3v3 or 4v4, rather than the standard 5v5; this is to keep prototypings manageable. The middle lane would be unique, in that all three midlaners would be laning against each other. This has some horrible collusion possibilities, so there should be some sort of "collusion protection". One such possible design of this would be (using teams A, B and C) if A were killing exclusively C; C would gain damage resistance against A until A killed a sufficient amount of B heroes or C killed one or two A heroes. This may be untenable design-wise, but it's the first idea.

ALCHEMIZATION:

Basic items are bought with boondollars (likely reskinned gold) and can be combined in various ways with grist to make better items. Boondollars and grist both are gained with farm; however, boondollars are the only ones that units have a truly individual amount of. Grist is shared within the team using Gristtorrent, and an individual has a maximum amount of grist they can hold at one time (with any overflow going into the grist gutter). One can upgrade their grist cache using boondollars and/or it levels up with them.

PROTOTYPING:

Basic lane creeps can be upgraded with certain items (probably just use KV "cannotPrototype" or a KV list of all objects that cannot be or can be prototyped). This is somewhat of a replacement of the original game's barracks system. Each of the 3 lanes would have a prototyping tower which provides the creeps on that lane with whatever boons the prototyped item has. When destroyed, it is gone permanently. This is opposite of Dota's standard of having buffed creeps when destroying the tower.

Items should have an OnPrototype method or datadriven table that describes what it does to creeps. Imagine if it were not so; there would be obvious choices for prototyping regardless of cost. Why would one want Mjollnir on their creeps when they can have Skull Basher? The faster attack speed and chain lightning may not be able to compare to a permabash on unfortunate heroes. This is a tradeoff, yes; Mjollnir has much better pushing opportunity. However, Skull Basher is far cheaper than Mjollnir and has nearly as good benefits, so getting that early is almost as beneficial. Because of this, some less-interesting but more-workable abilities should be presented. For example, Skull Basher could simply be something like an upgraded javelin, doing more damage on maim instead of stunning. Mjollnir could actually keep the chain lightning (it's an expensive item), though perhaps with an AOE cooldown.